Tier 2/Load Balancers/Public Load Balancer/Public Load Balancer/README.md, before:

# Tier 2 Public Load Balancer

This template deploys a Load Balancer with a Public IP front end. It creates an empty backend pool and is intended to be used with the following scripts:

<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbaddpublicipFrontendConfig.md&version=GBmaster">Script: Public Load Balancer add Frontend Config</a>  
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbAvailabilitySetBackEndPool.md&version=GBmaster">Script: Public Load Balancer Availability Set Backend Pool</a>  
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbHealthProbe.md&version=GBmaster">Script: Load Balancer Health Probe</a> 
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbLoadBalancingRule.md&version=GBmaster">Script: Load Balancer Load Balancing Rule</a> 
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbNatRule.md&version=GBmaster">Script: Load Balancer NAT Rule</a> 

This template is typically deployed after and used the output from the following templates:  
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FTier%201%2FPublic%20IP%2FPublicIP%2FPublicIP%2FREADME.md&version=GBmaster">Public IP</a>  
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FTier%201%2FAvailabiity%20Set%2FTier1.AvailabilitySet%2FREADME.md&version=GBmaster">Availabiity Set</a>  

## Required Inputs
In order to execute this template you must provide the following information.  

- LBName: Name for the Public Load Balancer that will be created  
- sku: Accepts either Basic or Standard  
- publicIPResourceID:  The Resource ID of the Public IP that will be assigned to the load balancer  
- backendAddressPoolName: Name of the empty backend pool that will be created

## Outputs
The following valued are output from this template:  
-  name: The name of the Public Load Balancer that was created  
-  backendAddressPoolName: The name of the emptly backend pool that was created

## Example Usage in Azure DevOps

1) Utilize the Azure Resource Group Deployment Task  

2) Choose the Azure subscription to deploy the task to

3) The "Action" should be "Create or update resource group"

4) Fill in the information for the "Resource group" and "Location"

5) Point to the template file located 

	$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/_Hub and Spoke/drop/Tier2.VMsStandalone/VMsStandalone.json

6) Point to the parameter file located

	$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/_Hub and Spoke/drop/Tier2.VMsStandalone/VMsStandalone.parameters.json

7) Override the Hub VNet properties with the appropriate values. Below is an example:  
	
	-adminUsername "bwatts" -adminPassword "************" -numberOfInstances 2 -vmNamePrefix "hubjump-" -ipPrefix "10.0.0." -osImagePublisher "MicrosoftWindowsServer" -osImageOffer "WindowsServer" -osImageSKU "2016-Datacenter" -subnetid "$(hubvnet_workloadSubnetId)" -saName "$(hubsa_storageAccountName)" -saKey "$(hubsa_storageAccountKey)" 


![](./pics/vmstandalonedeploy.jpg)

Commit message:

Added MD file for internal load balancer and renamed NSG Rule script

Tier 2/Load Balancers/Public Load Balancer/Public Load Balancer/README.md, after:

# Tier 2 Public Load Balancer

This template deploys a Load Balancer with a Public IP front end. It creates an empty backend pool and is intended to be used with the following scripts:

<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbaddpublicipFrontendConfig.md&version=GBmaster">Script: Public Load Balancer add Frontend Config</a>  
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbAvailabilitySetBackEndPool.md&version=GBmaster">Script: Public Load Balancer Availability Set Backend Pool</a>  
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbHealthProbe.md&version=GBmaster">Script: Load Balancer Health Probe</a> 
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbLoadBalancingRule.md&version=GBmaster">Script: Load Balancer Load Balancing Rule</a> 
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbNatRule.md&version=GBmaster">Script: Load Balancer NAT Rule</a> 

This template is typically deployed after and used the output from the following templates:  
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FTier%201%2FPublic%20IP%2FPublicIP%2FPublicIP%2FREADME.md&version=GBmaster">Public IP</a>  
<a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FTier%201%2FAvailabiity%20Set%2FTier1.AvailabilitySet%2FREADME.md&version=GBmaster">Availabiity Set</a>  

## Providsioning Process Example
When deploying a Public Load balancer you will typically do the following:  
1) Deploy Public Load Balancer Template  
2) Create a Probe with the <a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbHealthProbe.md&version=GBmaster">Probe Script</a>   
3) Add an Availability Set to the backend probe using <a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbAvailabilitySetBackEndPool.md&version=GBmaster">Availability Set Backend Pool Script</a>  
4) Add an Load Balancing Rule using <a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbLoadBalancingRule.md&version=GBmaster">Load Balancing Rule Script</a>  

### Optional Configuration
If you want to add a NAT rule to connect to specific backend servers then you would also do the following steps:  
1)  Add a Public IP to be used for the NAT Rule using the <a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FTier%201%2FPublic%20IP%2FPublicIP%2FPublicIP%2FREADME.md&version=GBmaster">Public IP Template</a>  
2) Configure an additonal Load Balancer PIP Frontend using the <a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbaddpublicipFrontendConfig.md&version=GBmaster">Frontend Config script</a>  
3) Add a Load Balancer NAT Rule using the <a href="https://security-monitoring.visualstudio.com/_git/IaC_HubSpokeNetwork?path=%2FScripts%2Freadme_lbNatRule.md&version=GBmaster">NAT Rule script</a> 

## Required Inputs
In order to execute this template you must provide the following information.  

- LBName: Name for the Public Load Balancer that will be created  
- sku: Accepts either Basic or Standard  
- publicIPResourceID:  The Resource ID of the Public IP that will be assigned to the load balancer  
- backendAddressPoolName: Name of the empty backend pool that will be created

## Outputs
The following valued are output from this template:  
-  name: The name of the Public Load Balancer that was created  
-  backendAddressPoolName: The name of the emptly backend pool that was created

## Example Usage in Azure DevOps

1) Utilize the Azure Resource Group Deployment Task  

2) Choose the Azure subscription to deploy the task to

3) The "Action" should be "Create or update resource group"

4) Fill in the information for the "Resource group" and "Location"

5) Point to the template file located 

	$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/_Hub and Spoke/drop/Tier2.VMsStandalone/VMsStandalone.json

6) Point to the parameter file located

	$(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/_Hub and Spoke/drop/Tier2.VMsStandalone/VMsStandalone.parameters.json

7) Override the Hub VNet properties with the appropriate values. Below is an example:  
	
	-adminUsername "bwatts" -adminPassword "************" -numberOfInstances 2 -vmNamePrefix "hubjump-" -ipPrefix "10.0.0." -osImagePublisher "MicrosoftWindowsServer" -osImageOffer "WindowsServer" -osImageSKU "2016-Datacenter" -subnetid "$(hubvnet_workloadSubnetId)" -saName "$(hubsa_storageAccountName)" -saKey "$(hubsa_storageAccountKey)" 


![](./pics/vmstandalonedeploy.jpg)
